Atlas offline practice update — October 5, 2026

Baseline
The current main source was rechecked at commit
921535449c14fa7ea9d7e96e5e3424e3d0d8dfcc, matching the audit pin.
The checkout was clean before changes. This update adds offline practice to all
96 declared non-language topics, preserving the existing workspace and rewards.

Learning flow
Every bank has inspectable objectives, prerequisites, misconceptions, scope,
source references, stable exercise IDs and content version. Task sets include
examples, guided and independent work, reasoning, applications and fresh review.
Hints reveal in stages. Worked solutions explain steps and their reasons.
Number, choice and bounded text answers are checked locally. Number answers
accept decimal, scientific notation or numeric fractions; units are specified
in the task. Text tasks list canonical accepted responses rather than evaluating
arbitrary algebra or code. Code writing, AI design and art projects use explicit
self-review criteria and model approaches. No learner code is executed.

Learning records
The app records lesson openings, saved introductory checks, exercise attempts,
assistance exposure and review reminders separately from self-assessed topic
levels. A submitted response remains immutable; another attempt records a
revision. Saved drafts, hint use, solution exposure and reflection persist in
IndexedDB. Same-attempt concurrent edits require the expected saved timestamp.
Prior help or a submitted attempt prevents a retry from gaining first-answer
credit. First-submission timestamps and assistance snapshots remain fixed, so
reading a solution after an unaided answer preserves that first-answer record.
Later-check evidence requires a fresh review task opened at least a day
after an earlier task's first submission. Counts are evidence of these
specific tasks, not proof of proficiency, comprehension or lasting retention.

Backups
Export version 3 includes saved exercise drafts, attempts and lesson openings.
Version 2 and legacy backups still import, defaulting missing fields to empty
arrays. All exercise/topic/version links and checked statuses are validated.
Duplicate incoming IDs and conflicting same-ID identities are rejected.
Matching identities keep the current local saved record, including its revision
and assistance flags. The complete candidate is validated before applying it;
IndexedDB acknowledges only a committed transaction. Practice records introduce
no credential fields. Browser convenience drafts not yet saved to IndexedDB
remain on the original device; check the saved-state message before exporting.

Verification commands
Normal dependency-installed environment:
  npm run typecheck
  npm test
  npm run build
Windows hosts that block Node subprocess pipes but permit the esbuild CLI:
  powershell -File scripts/verify-windows.ps1
The fallback runs the same tests, bundles the current source with the pinned
esbuild executable and packages fresh JavaScript/CSS into one standalone HTML.
It does not reuse the previous committed app artifact.

Content and platform limits
The new banks are authored content awaiting subject specialist review. Internal
answer checks and spot checks do not certify subject accuracy across all tasks.
No representative learner study has established ten-year-old comprehension,
independent proficiency or learning outcomes. The topic list is the app's list,
not a complete external curriculum. Language and custom-subject course banks
are outside this content update. Native Windows Credential Manager, macOS
direct-file behavior, a full browser/profile recovery matrix, complete WCAG
evaluation and live optional AI compatibility need separate validation.

Checkpoint verification results — October 5, 2026
96 topic banks, 384 objectives, 1,695 learner tasks and 240 worked examples.
Whole Number Operations has 28 learner tasks and 4 worked examples.
The final Windows verification run passed TypeScript checking and all nine
source regression suites, then produced a fresh standalone production build.
Companion checks: 38 passed; 2 platform-specific checks skipped.

Chrome on Windows, localhost HTTP, disposable practice data:
Checked incorrect and correct answers, new attempts, saved history, first-answer
evidence, solution exposure after submission, topic reopening and page reload.
Browser checks revealed and corrected submission timing and initial loading
issues. Queued submission recovery was reviewed; storage/report regressions
confirm assistance snapshots and first submission dates remain fixed.
No browser console errors were observed in the sampled journey.

Complete UI backup export/restore remains unverified: download capture timed
out, and the Chrome extension refused local file upload because file URL access
was disabled. No extension permissions were changed. The requested viewport
override did not change the actual 1920-pixel page width, so this checkpoint
does not claim a new mobile layout validation. Backup schema, migration,
round-trip, conflict and rollback behavior passed automated storage tests.

Standalone HTML SHA256:
2D267F504AB52F8271867F3C2506D522344FDC5841CB7A321E7C35BACCC405F5

Work was canceled before GitHub publication. This is a local implementation
checkpoint, not a release approval. No branch was pushed, PR opened, merge
performed or release published. Resume with subject/content review and the
remaining platform checks before considering a public release.

Resumed implementation verification — October 5, 2026
The user resumed work from checkpoint 4cd42de. Main still matched 9215354.
Final review found and corrected ordinary draft UUID rejection and disagreement
between cached work and a submitted answer. Divergent cached work now becomes
a separate attempt, preserving its text and the original submitted record.
Task/filter changes, app navigation and backup export await the exercise save;
failed saves retain the current view. Unavailable browser draft storage is
disclosed, with unload protection for work not yet saved. Numeric parsing also
rejects nonfinite operands as a defensive check before fraction division.

All 10 source regression suites and TypeScript checks passed after these edits.
The fresh standalone build passed; its SHA256 is:
E0B40BE2804CED7B3F033629CBF16796BB4F327C6DDD6E4601CADF1112B5F17A
In Chrome on Windows over localhost HTTP, typing an answer and method followed
by immediate reload preserved both fields when the task was reopened.
An independent Sol check confirmed the generated counts and sampled 19 advanced
answers with numerical differentiation, quadrature, matrix arithmetic, partial
trace, degeneracy and CHSH checks. Additional Python/AI/rubric samples revealed
no confirmed content defect. Sol reviewed the actual recovery/navigation fixes.
These checks do not substitute for the still-pending subject/learner studies,
direct-file/native-platform or full browser backup/accessibility validation.

Team Effort attempted Flash, then Luna, then Sol text review. Flash exhausted
its output limit; later proposed reports were not accepted by the service's
checker. Their concrete source findings were independently checked and fixed;
the actual final edits received the separate native Sol review described above.
No claim is made that the plugin accepted its text report.

The updated source and HTML are prepared for a draft PR. This update is not a
release certification; merge and release remain separate user decisions.

GitHub publication limitation
Source objects were uploaded and their Git blob hashes verified. The generated
2.53 MB HTML upload was rejected by automatic approval review because the full
action exceeded the reviewer's input budget; it was not executed. The normal
Git upload path also failed in this host's credential-helper subprocess.
The draft PR therefore carries the source changes and verification notes.
Its tracked standalone HTML remains the audited artifact until the new HTML is
added separately. The refreshed local downloadable HTML contains all changes,
with the final SHA256 above. Add that HTML to the PR branch before merging or
publishing a release. Browser task navigation also preserved the newest method
text when moving forward and back in the final Windows Chrome HTTP check.
